README.md, before:

# TaskManager - Full Stack Application

Complete task management system with Go backend, React frontend, and Kubernetes deployment.

## 📦 Project Structure

```
taskManager/
├── backend/              # Go Echo API
│   ├── main.go
│   ├── Dockerfile
│   ├── docker-compose.yml
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── api/
│
├── frontend/             # React Web App
│   ├── package.json
│   ├── Dockerfile
│   ├── nginx.conf
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── src/
│
├── infra/                # Infrastructure & Kubernetes
│   ├── k8s/              # Kubernetes manifests
│   │   ├── all-in-one-dev.yaml
│   │   ├── all-in-one-prod.yaml
│   │   └── ingress-nginx.yaml
│   ├── scripts/
│   │   └── setup-k3d.sh
│   └── docs/
│       ├── KUBERNETES.md
│       └── PROXMOX_SETUP.md
│
└── .github/workflows/    # GitHub Actions CI/CD
    ├── backend.yml
    └── frontend.yml
```

## 🚀 Quick Start (Local Development)

### Prerequisites
- Docker & Docker Compose
- kubectl
- k3d
- Go 1.24+ (for backend development)
- Node.js 18+ (for frontend development)

### Setup & Run

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/taskManager.git
cd taskManager

# Copy environment templates
cp backend/.env.example backend/.env
cp frontend/.env.example frontend/.env

# Update .env files with your settings
nano backend/.env
nano frontend/.env

# Run everything with one command
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:8080
```

## 🛠️ Available Commands

### Kubernetes Management
```bash
# Start complete cluster
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start

# Check status
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh status

# View logs
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs backend
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs frontend

# Stop & cleanup
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh stop
```

### Local Development (without Kubernetes)
```bash
# Backend
cd backend
go mod download
go run main.go

# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

## 📚 Documentation

- **[Kubernetes Setup](infra/docs/KUBERNETES.md)** - Local K3D development
- **[Proxmox Home Server](infra/docs/PROXMOX_SETUP.md)** - Production deployment on home server
- **[Backend API](backend/README.md)** - Go API documentation
- **[Frontend](frontend/README.md)** - React app documentation

## 🔄 Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                   Internet                      │
│           (Proxmox / Home Server)               │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────┘
                     │
                     ▼
        ┌────────────────────────────┐
        │    Ingress Controller      │
        │    (nginx)                 │
        │    Port 80, 443            │
        └────────────┬───────────────┘
                     │
        ┌────────────┴────────────┐
        │                         │
        ▼                         ▼
   ┌─────────────┐        ┌──────────────┐
   │  Frontend   │        │   Backend    │
   │  (React)    │        │  (Go Echo)   │
   │  Port 80    │        │  Port 8080   │
   └─────────────┘        └──────────────┘
        │                         │
        │                    ┌────┴─────┐
        │                    │           │
        │                    ▼           ▼
        │            ┌──────────────┬──────────────┐
        │            │  PostgreSQL  │    Redis     │
        │            │  Port 5432   │  Port 6379   │
        │            └──────────────┴──────────────┘
        │
        └──────────────────────────────────────────→ Static Files
                     (HTML/JS/CSS)
```

## 🔐 Environment Variables

### Backend (.env)
```
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_NAME=taskmanager_db
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=your_password
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379
JWT_SECRET=your_secret_key
```

### Frontend (.env)
```
REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:8080
```

## 🧪 Testing

### Backend Tests
```bash
cd backend
go test ./... -v
```

### Frontend Tests
```bash
cd frontend
npm test
```

## 🐳 Docker Images

The project builds and publishes Docker images to GitHub Container Registry:

- **Backend**: `ghcr.io/YOUR_USERNAME/taskapi:latest`
- **Frontend**: `ghcr.io/YOUR_USERNAME/taskfrontend:latest`

These are automatically built on every push to `main` branch (see `.github/workflows/`).

## 📝 CI/CD Pipeline

GitHub Actions workflows automatically:

1. **Backend CI** (on `backend/` changes)
   - Run Go tests
   - Run linters (golangci-lint)
   - Build Docker image
   - Push to GitHub Container Registry
   - Scan for vulnerabilities (Trivy)

2. **Frontend CI** (on `frontend/` changes)
   - Install dependencies
   - Run linting
   - Run tests
   - Build optimized bundle
   - Build Docker image
   - Push to GitHub Container Registry
   - Scan for vulnerabilities (Trivy)

## 🌐 Deployment Options

### 1. Local Development (K3D)
```bash
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start
```

### 2. Proxmox Home Server
See [PROXMOX_SETUP.md](infra/docs/PROXMOX_SETUP.md)

### 3. Cloud Providers (AWS/GCP/Azure)
Coming soon - see [Terraform documentation](infra/docs/TERRAFORM.md)

## 🔧 Development Workflow

1. Create feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`
2. Make changes in `backend/` or `frontend/`
3. Commit: `git commit -m "feat: describe your changes"`
4. Push: `git push origin feature/your-feature`
5. Create Pull Request
6. GitHub Actions automatically tests your code
7. Merge to main when tests pass

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Make sure tests pass locally
4. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

- **Port 8080 already in use**: `lsof -i :8080` and kill the process
- **Kubernetes pods not starting**: `./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs backend`
- **Frontend can't reach API**: Check `frontend/.env` REACT_APP_API_URL
- **Database connection fails**: Verify `backend/.env` database credentials

See full troubleshooting in [KUBERNETES.md](infra/docs/KUBERNETES.md#troubleshooting).

## 📞 Support

For issues and questions, create an issue in the repository.

---

**Happy coding!** 🚀

Commit message:

docs: add security note about CVE-2025-30204 - not exploitable
CVE-2025-30204 in golang-jwt/jwt v3.2.2 is an indirect dependency from echo
framework. The vulnerability (excessive memory allocation during JWT header
parsing) is NOT exploitable in this application because:

- This app does NOT use JWT middleware from echo
- Custom JWT handling uses golang-jwt/jwt/v5 (v5.3.0) directly
- JWT parsing only happens in custom auth logic, not in HTTP middleware

Therefore no action is needed unless JWT middleware from echo is enabled
in the future.

Also cleaned up go.mod to remove unnecessary comment.

README.md, after:

# TaskManager - Full Stack Application

Complete task management system with Go backend, React frontend, and Kubernetes deployment.

## 📦 Project Structure

```
taskManager/
├── backend/              # Go Echo API
│   ├── main.go
│   ├── Dockerfile
│   ├── docker-compose.yml
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── api/
│
├── frontend/             # React Web App
│   ├── package.json
│   ├── Dockerfile
│   ├── nginx.conf
│   ├── .env.example
│   └── src/
│
├── infra/                # Infrastructure & Kubernetes
│   ├── k8s/              # Kubernetes manifests
│   │   ├── all-in-one-dev.yaml
│   │   ├── all-in-one-prod.yaml
│   │   └── ingress-nginx.yaml
│   ├── scripts/
│   │   └── setup-k3d.sh
│   └── docs/
│       ├── KUBERNETES.md
│       └── PROXMOX_SETUP.md
│
└── .github/workflows/    # GitHub Actions CI/CD
    ├── backend.yml
    └── frontend.yml
```

## 🚀 Quick Start (Local Development)

### Prerequisites
- Docker & Docker Compose
- kubectl
- k3d
- Go 1.24+ (for backend development)
- Node.js 18+ (for frontend development)

### Setup & Run

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/taskManager.git
cd taskManager

# Copy environment templates
cp backend/.env.example backend/.env
cp frontend/.env.example frontend/.env

# Update .env files with your settings
nano backend/.env
nano frontend/.env

# Run everything with one command
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start

# Open in browser
open http://localhost:8080
```

## 🛠️ Available Commands

### Kubernetes Management
```bash
# Start complete cluster
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start

# Check status
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh status

# View logs
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs backend
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs frontend

# Stop & cleanup
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh stop
```

### Local Development (without Kubernetes)
```bash
# Backend
cd backend
go mod download
go run main.go

# Frontend (new terminal)
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

## 📚 Documentation

- **[Kubernetes Setup](infra/docs/KUBERNETES.md)** - Local K3D development
- **[Proxmox Home Server](infra/docs/PROXMOX_SETUP.md)** - Production deployment on home server
- **[Backend API](backend/README.md)** - Go API documentation
- **[Frontend](frontend/README.md)** - React app documentation

## 🔄 Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                   Internet                      │
│           (Proxmox / Home Server)               │
└────────────────────┬────────────────────────────┘
                     │
                     ▼
        ┌────────────────────────────┐
        │    Ingress Controller      │
        │    (nginx)                 │
        │    Port 80, 443            │
        └────────────┬───────────────┘
                     │
        ┌────────────┴────────────┐
        │                         │
        ▼                         ▼
   ┌─────────────┐        ┌──────────────┐
   │  Frontend   │        │   Backend    │
   │  (React)    │        │  (Go Echo)   │
   │  Port 80    │        │  Port 8080   │
   └─────────────┘        └──────────────┘
        │                         │
        │                    ┌────┴─────┐
        │                    │           │
        │                    ▼           ▼
        │            ┌──────────────┬──────────────┐
        │            │  PostgreSQL  │    Redis     │
        │            │  Port 5432   │  Port 6379   │
        │            └──────────────┴──────────────┘
        │
        └──────────────────────────────────────────→ Static Files
                     (HTML/JS/CSS)
```

## 🔐 Environment Variables

### Backend (.env)
```
DB_HOST=localhost
DB_PORT=5432
DB_NAME=taskmanager_db
DB_USER=postgres
DB_PASSWORD=your_password
REDIS_URL=redis://localhost:6379
JWT_SECRET=your_secret_key
```

### Frontend (.env)
```
REACT_APP_API_URL=http://localhost:8080
```

## 🧪 Testing

### Backend Tests
```bash
cd backend
go test ./... -v
```

### Frontend Tests
```bash
cd frontend
npm test
```

## 🐳 Docker Images

The project builds and publishes Docker images to GitHub Container Registry:

- **Backend**: `ghcr.io/YOUR_USERNAME/taskapi:latest`
- **Frontend**: `ghcr.io/YOUR_USERNAME/taskfrontend:latest`

These are automatically built on every push to `main` branch (see `.github/workflows/`).

## 📝 CI/CD Pipeline

GitHub Actions workflows automatically:

1. **Backend CI** (on `backend/` changes)
   - Run Go tests
   - Run linters (golangci-lint)
   - Build Docker image
   - Push to GitHub Container Registry
   - Scan for vulnerabilities (Trivy)

2. **Frontend CI** (on `frontend/` changes)
   - Install dependencies
   - Run linting
   - Run tests
   - Build optimized bundle
   - Build Docker image
   - Push to GitHub Container Registry
   - Scan for vulnerabilities (Trivy)

## 🌐 Deployment Options

### 1. Local Development (K3D)
```bash
./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh start
```

### 2. Proxmox Home Server
See [PROXMOX_SETUP.md](infra/docs/PROXMOX_SETUP.md)

### 3. Cloud Providers (AWS/GCP/Azure)
Coming soon - see [Terraform documentation](infra/docs/TERRAFORM.md)

## 🔧 Development Workflow

1. Create feature branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`
2. Make changes in `backend/` or `frontend/`
3. Commit: `git commit -m "feat: describe your changes"`
4. Push: `git push origin feature/your-feature`
5. Create Pull Request
6. GitHub Actions automatically tests your code
7. Merge to main when tests pass

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Make sure tests pass locally
4. Submit a pull request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

- **Port 8080 already in use**: `lsof -i :8080` and kill the process
- **Kubernetes pods not starting**: `./infra/scripts/setup-k3d.sh logs backend`
- **Frontend can't reach API**: Check `frontend/.env` REACT_APP_API_URL
- **Database connection fails**: Verify `backend/.env` database credentials

See full troubleshooting in [KUBERNETES.md](infra/docs/KUBERNETES.md#troubleshooting).

## � Security Notes

### Known CVEs

**CVE-2025-30204** (golang-jwt/jwt v3.2.2 - HIGH)
- Indirect dependency pulled in via echo framework
- Impact: Excessive memory allocation during JWT header parsing
- **Status**: NOT EXPLOITABLE in this application
- **Reason**: This application does NOT use JWT middleware from echo
- **Authentication**: Uses custom JWT token handling with `github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v5` (v5.3.0)
- **Mitigation**: If JWT middleware is enabled in future, upgrade to patched version

Trivy vulnerability scans are run on every build via GitHub Actions.

## �📞 Support

For issues and questions, create an issue in the repository.

---

**Happy coding!** 🚀
